Core module of the IntensiCode game engine. The build system is not included.

h1. Description

IntensiGame is a simple game framework with a 'game engine' at its core. This engine knows how to render 'frames' and keep track of time and issue the proper number of 'control ticks'.

The application has to "only" separate the drawing of the state and advancing the state. Everything else is handled by the framework.

h1. Usage

Please see the example screens to understand the separation of frames and ticks.

See an example application/game to understand how to initialize the system. (Extend the IntensiGame class and your done.. :)

h2. Target Platform

IntensiGame is now a platform independant library in so far as you can (and have to) plug in a module like IntensiME or IntensiDroid to provide an implementation of the IntensiGame APIs for a specific platform.

What you do is this: You build your game against the IntensiGame APIs. In your IDE you add a dependency to either IntensiME or IntensiDroid. But you do this in a separate 'module'. See the example games for how to do this in IDEA.

When you build the game using IntensiBuild, selecting the target platform will automagically add the dependancy to IntensiME or IntensiDroid (or RunME when building for J2SE or WebStart).

h1. License

This is open source software. See the gpl.txt file for more infomation.

Note that some files are included for which different licenses may apply.

Note that for all files that are probably 'mine', the GPL applies.
